Update handlebars-helpers-reference (#1171)
bigcommerce/dev-docs: docs/stencil-docs/reference-docs/handlebars-helpers-reference.md

{{pluck limit collection path}}
```

> Retrieves corresponding values from some or all elements in a collection using specified search key(s). Returns retrieved values in an array when values are nested or returns values as strings if used alone.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Retrieves corresponding values from some or all elements in a collection using specified search key(s). Returns retrieved values in a comma-separated string. When used in conjunction with the built-in `{{each}}` helper, returns retrieved values in an array. 
```

{{pluck users "image.url"}}'
<!-- => barney.jpg,fred.jpg -->

> Standard pluck helper example:

Reviewer: Instead of the standard pluck helper example, maybe we show how to use it with the {{each}} helper?

```handlebars
{{#each (pluck users "user")}}hello {{this}} {{/each}}
<!-- => 'hello barney hello fred ' -->
```
